# The assignment 
This is the solution for a given task.

## How to run server by script:
Just execute sript called `start_script.sh`

## How to run everything manually: 
First You need to build the image:
    `docker build . -t qredo`
Secondly You should run the image:
    `docker run --name leszek -p 8000:8000/tcp -it qredo:latest`

Now System is avaiable on domain:
    `localhost:8000`

To create a real user (superuser) use below command:
    `docker exec -it leszek python manage.py createsuperuser`

Now You be able to get Your token by your credentials that you have just created:
```
MacBook-Pro-Leszek:PycharmProjects leszek.kolacz$ curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST \
--data '{"username":"admin","password":"admin"}' localhost:8000/auth

{"refresh":"x.y.z","access":"a.b.c"}
MacBook-Pro-Leszek:PycharmProjects leszek.kolacz$ 
```

Since you have token (var called access), you can play with /sum endpoint:
```
MacBook-Pro-Leszek:PycharmProjects leszek.kolacz$ curl localhost:8000/sum -i -H "Authorization:Bearer x.y.z" \ 
-H "Accept: application/json" --request POST -d '{"a": [1,2,"asa", -4],"b":5}'

{"SHA256_hash_of_the_sum":"df3f619804a92fdb4057192dc43dd748ea778adc52bc498ce80524c014b81119"}
MacBook-Pro-Leszek:PycharmProjects leszek.kolacz$ 
```

# Coding Assignment
The goal of this assignment is to build a simple HTTP service and corresponding client library.

## The service

A simple HTTP service with two endpoints:

### POST /auth

Accepts JSON input in the format:

`{"username": "<user name>", "password": "<user password>"}`

and returns JWT OAUTH 2/OIDC token with the username as a subject. The username and the password don't have to be verified, but should not accept empty strings. The JWT token should expire in one hour.

It should return appropriate error status code if the JSON payload is not valid, or the username and password are not valid (are empty)


### POST /sum

Protected with a valid JWT token, generated by the **/auth** endpoint, provided as a Bearer Authorization header.

Accepts arbitrary JSON document as payload, which can contain a variety of things: arrays **[1,2,3,4]**, objects **{"a":1, "b":2, "c":3}**, **numbers**, and **strings**. The endpoint should find all of the numbers throughout the document and add them together.

For example:

- **[1,2,3,4]** and **{"a":6,"b":4}** both have a sum of **10**.
- **[[[2]]]** and **{"a":{"b":4},"c":-2}** both have a sum of **2**.
- **{"a":[-1,1,"dark"]}** and **[-1,{"a":1, "b":"light"}]** both have a sum of **0**.
- **[]** and **{}** both have a sum of **0**.

The response should be the **SHA256 hash of the sum of all numbers in the document**. It should return the appropriate error status code if the JWT token or the JSON payload are not valid.

## The consumer library

A simple client python library that exports the two methods - for authenticate and sum that uses the service (server address should be provided on init).

## Requirements
The only strict requirement we pose is that the app is written in **Python 3**. 

### Project Setup
Please provide a start script to run the sevice and simple usage description for the library.

## Bonus (optional)
A Dockerfile to build and run the service

### External Libraries
We don't mind if you use whatever external libraries you like as long as they are with a non-restrictive for commercial use license.

### Estimation
You will see an open issue "Call for estimation". Please estimate by writing a comment when you think the task will be ready before you start. We don't set any hard deadlines.


